README.md, before:

Vagrant
=======

Vagrant setup for local MSP Developer Instances.


# Requirements

* Ruby (already installed in MacOS X)
* Librarian Chef - [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org/gems/librarian-chef)
* VirtualBox - [virtualbox.org](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
* Vagrant - [vagrantup.com](http://vagrantup.com/)
* Vagrant Omnibus Plugin - [schisamo/vagrant-omnibus](https://github.com/schisamo/vagrant-omnibus)
* Ubuntu Base Box - [vagrant docs](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/boxes/base.html), [vagrantbox.es](http://www.vagrantbox.es/)
* Modified Hosts File
  - `echo "192.168.33.10    dev.mysmartprice.com" >> /etc/hosts`
* Decent Internet Connection
* Time & Patience ;)

# Locally Available Resources

http://192.168.30.183/

# Install

1. Install VirtualBox, Vagrant, Vagrant Omnibus plugin, Librarian-Chef gem.

2. Clone this repository and start the vagrant
  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:mysmartprice/vagrant.git
  cd dev.mysmartprice.com
  ```
  
3. Get the required cookbooks
  ```bash
  librarian-chef install
  
  ```
  
4. Get the base box
  ```bash
  vagrant box add hashicorp/precise64 http://192.168.30.183/precise64.box
  
  ```
  
5. Comparables code base
  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:mysmartprice/comparables.git # or your own fork
  ```
  
6. Vagrant UP!
  ```bash
  vagrant up
  ```

Any queries? Ping on IRC @ irc.mspsg.in

That's it! Start coding already :-)

Commit message:

Link description + Final whitespace fix

README.md, after:

Vagrant
=======

Vagrant setup for local MSP Developer Instances.


# Requirements

* Ruby (already installed in MacOS X)
* Librarian Chef - [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org/gems/librarian-chef)
* VirtualBox - [virtualbox.org](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
* Vagrant - [vagrantup.com](http://vagrantup.com/)
* Vagrant Omnibus Plugin - [schisamo/vagrant-omnibus](https://github.com/schisamo/vagrant-omnibus)
* Ubuntu Base Box - [vagrant docs](https://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/boxes/base.html), [vagrantbox.es](http://www.vagrantbox.es/)
* Modified Hosts File
  - `echo "192.168.33.10    dev.mysmartprice.com" >> /etc/hosts`
* Decent Internet Connection
* Time & Patience ;)

# Locally Available Resources

You can get the vagrant, virtual box, base box, db_dumps for windows/linux/mac at this link:

http://192.168.30.183/

# Install

1. Install VirtualBox, Vagrant, Vagrant Omnibus plugin, Librarian-Chef gem.

2. Clone this repository and start the vagrant
  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:mysmartprice/vagrant.git
  cd dev.mysmartprice.com
  ```
  
3. Get the required cookbooks
  ```bash
  librarian-chef install
  ```
  
4. Get the base box
  ```bash
  vagrant box add hashicorp/precise64 http://192.168.30.183/precise64.box
  ```
  
5. Comparables code base
  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:mysmartprice/comparables.git # or your own fork
  ```
  
6. Vagrant UP!
  ```bash
  vagrant up
  ```

Any queries? Ping on IRC @ irc.mspsg.in

That's it! Start coding already :-)
